find page  button size
FSIS change to horizontal
Through property boxes, what we've done before.
Now we're gonna 
property tag-->Edit columns-->underneath edit columns--> Auto-generate fields check box--> gives us fields at this point in time, If left on, even if customize
everything it will print out customized fields. TURN IT OFF. So then you can put it in your own fields
Know 4 different ways of pulling data from the grid view.
Obviously, that's annyoing. Way to HANDLE all scenarios. One style FITS all.
Other controls use TEMPLATES, they use them extensively. So instead of filling with unncessary methods to fit other scenarios.
Template feilds--> add
allows us to put a web control inside this cell.
Change website header/name.
Down in the styles, go to header styles, all kind of styles to use here.
Can choose colors you want.
QoH = unit in stock = Quantity on Hand
Bold true?
Edit binding, select text, put in a special code I want for my field.
Learn how to use a dialogue, or what is required in a template field.
You have to have item template and control in template Field.
Copy item template and label, put it inside my price template field. And I am going to paste it inside my QoH.
What field I would like to use, whether it is checked or not.
discontinued?

Faster than going through all those Dialogues?
I would like to format unit price, use string format.
In front of eval, type string.format( )
Turn causes validation to FALSE. Same as putting it on a regular button.
Also learn what code it's creating and how to use it to it's full extent. View.
SQL procedure queries.
Put it where ever you want.
Deal with hidden fields, with the PRODUCTID, go back to source, go to last template, need to put something in there.
What I need, AT MINIMUM is Item template and a web control. Copy item template and paste it.

ACCESS data
4 Different ways to access data.
4 Ways to set up grid view set up, actually 3 ways, 1 way depending on the way you edit, so it gives a secondary method to edit, which is considered the 4th way access.