form and razor
project
go to my location and browse
documents area
github area
go into my appropriate repository 
gives you an empty solution
go to my repository
you can see I have a solution for my OOPs Review
asb.netframework

Look at web app
Maybe create an excercise with a certain name?
first thing to add is .gitignore and .gitattributes
Once you started it without gitignore, it'll be too late.

We're not touching properties, references, or config.
web config file: What program needs to start things.
Almost looks like html, it is xml. extended mark-up language. These tags
have a certain meaning to a tag when it runs.
Create lay out page

Just a skeleton, set the page property title to a value
Page is an instance object is a peroperty called Title.
Retrieve your instance page and display it.
@Render body is a place holder.
Your content is going to be placed inside a place holder on your skeleton page.
When the body by default is your html is from your content page. It's all of it, and 
it gets slammed inbetween the body and the close bar.
If you want content to go some where else on your skeleton, that's when you use a different
tag called RenderSection.
That is going to identified on your content page as head.
It has also been flagged as false, DEFAULT is true, NOT FALSE. 
You put in false so you don't have to code it.
Why do you want it in head section when it doesn't need to be display?
Maybe on that content page you need a special java or css file that is not required
for other pages.
To put it in you do @, you are escaping HTML universe to CSS universe.
@Section

Does it matter where you put this additional render section, NO it does not.
On your content page you can put in and label it as a different section, curly brackets
whatever you need on that page so it is actually part of your skeleton.
What can you actually do on your body area.
I could say @rendersection("footer")
If i don't put required: false, then I would need to code it.
Means: that rendor section does not have to be coded in my content area.
Does it need something to display when something is not optional?
It is only your additional sections that you can make required or false.
Let's go and create a page, I am going to right click on project again.
I am going to go add, new item, Web->Razor->Web Page 3--> name as Default
index.html, Default html, htm, aspx
Now you can always add your cs.html to your list of defaults for your website.
We don't want skeleton stuff for default
You want MVC 5 View Page with Layout(Razor) instead.
Gives you option to choose layout page to merge with this layout page.
Why do you need multiple layout pages for website? 
You may need multiple layout pages to offer to customers, or different ways to let someone
log in. You can have multiple layout pages out there. We are not looking at
security in this semester.

What is this first few characters mean? ~/ means start at the top of my website
Do the browse underscore layout file
You cannot browse _ files directly
reserved for items like layout page
You cannot look at your layout page directly
Have code some where else have to re-arrange lay out page
I don't have to code a page with a footer section,
if always there, might as well put it in layout page.
DateTime is a C# object. When you hit the @ sign, you leave the HTML universe and you
got to the CSS universe.
Your DateTime is C#.
Database function is call itDate

Put a menu on here and create more pages.
Creating menus using bootstrap?
Not straight html and not straight css in this class.
Instead of taking latest version of bootstrap, we are going to grab a hold of release 3.3.7